net: nrf_cloud: coap: Replace deprecated PGPS endpoint for PGNSS (#29012)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` library:

  * Updated:
  
    * The range for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_NUM_PREDICTIONS` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_REPLACEMENT_THRESHOLD` Kconfig options to values supported by nRF Cloud.

>     * The CoAP endpoint used to request predictions has been renamed from ``loc/pgps`` to ``loc/pgnss``; the CBOR wire format is unchanged.

Reviewer: Not sure if this needs a changelog entry, but either way is fine.

Author: I think is fine.

>     * The CoAP endpoint used to request predictions has been renamed from ``loc/pgps`` to ``loc/pgnss``; the CBOR wire format is unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The CoAP endpoint used for requesting predictions has been renamed from ``loc/pgps`` to ``loc/pgnss``.
      The CBOR wire format is unchanged.
```
